{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f28\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f31\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\*\cs16 \additive \super \sbasedon10 
footnote reference;}{\s17\li113\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20\lang1031 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s19\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text;}}{\info
{\author Carsten Clasohm}{\operator Carsten Clasohm}{\creatim\yr1998\mo9\dy27\hr11\min37}{\revtim\yr2002\mo2\dy15\hr21\min5}{\version44}{\edmins0}{\nofpages44}{\nofwords2222}{\nofchars12666}{\*\company Rival Network GmbH}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery1258\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {
\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\f2\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \li115\ri192\nowidctlpar
\tx864\tx1728\tx2592\tx3456\tx4320\tx5184\tx6048\tx6912\tx7776\tx8640\tx9504\tx10368\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Introduction}}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Contents;Uses}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Introduction}}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 init:1}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Introduction
\par }\pard \li113\ri192\nowidctlpar\tx864\tx1728\tx2592\tx3456\tx4320\tx5184\tx6048\tx6912\tx7776\tx8640\tx9504\tx10368\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li113\ri192\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 LetMeType helps you enter text. Running in the background, it a
nalyses what you type. After some time it has collected enough information to guess a word after you have typed the first two or three letters. A list of the most probable words is displayed, and you can select one with a single keystroke or just continue
 typing.
\par 
\par This works independently of the program you enter the text into - be it a word processor, the editor of a development environment or a dialog box field.
\par 
\par LetMeType can be used for arbitrary Western languages and even in mixed language environmen
ts. It works best for long words or phrases that are frequently typed. Therefore it is best suited for software developers and people who use a lot of technical terms. (Which is not to say that people who just write informal email will not find it useful.
)
\par 
\par LetMeType's behaviour is highly customizable. You can set the maximum number of suggestions and their frequency. For skilled typers it is possible to limit the suggestions to long words with a high probability, while others can gradually increase the num
ber of suggestions. Unobtrusiveness is important for both groups. The window containing the suggestions is displayed and removed quickly and you can always ignore it and continue typing.
\par }\pard \ri192\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li115\ri192\nowidctlpar\tx864\tx1728\tx2592\tx3456\tx4320\tx5184\tx6048\tx6912\tx7776\tx8640\tx9504\tx10368\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 Two other important aspects are privacy and security. LetMeType only
 stores single words, but no connected texts. There also is a secure way to prevent passwords entered into other programs from being monitored and stored by LetMeType.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Suggestions}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Vorschlagsfenster}}
${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Vorschlagsfenster; Vorschl\'e4ge}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 set:1}}}{
\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Suggestion Window}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par When you type the first few letters of a word that LetMeType knows, the suggestion window will appear. Selecting a suggestion is as easy as pressing the corresponding number key. Any other key (including Ctrl and Shift) causes the suggestion window t
o disappear and will be processed by the program you are working with. 
\par 
\par \{bml suggestions_en.bmp\}
\par 
\par Here you can complete the word }{\i\f1\cgrid0 aircraft}{\f1\cgrid0  by pressing }{\b\f1\cgrid0 1}{\f1\cgrid0 , or type }{\b\f1\cgrid0 f}{\f1\cgrid0  if the word you had in mind was }{\i\f1\cgrid0 airfield}{\f1\cgrid0 .
\par 
\par Besides displaying the suggestions, the window offers two hidden features. If you click inside it with the right mouse button, a menu will appear, among other things allowing you to temporarily disable the suggestions.
\par 
\par When you move the window (by clicking the title bar with the left mouse button), LetMeType will ask where the suggestion window is to be displayed in the future:
\par 
\par \{bml position_en.bmp\}
\par 
\par The default is }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Next to the caret}{\f1\cgrid0 , i.e. at the point where you currently are writing. By moving the window, you can change its distance and position relative to the caret.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Fixed position}{\f1\cgrid0  will show it where you last moved it to, and }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Next to the mouse cursor}{\f1\cgrid0  will cause it to follow the mouse pointer.
\par 
\par 
\par Note: LetMeType cannot determine the caret position in programs which draw the caret manually instead of using the standard functions provided by Windows. (What blinks on your screen in these cases may look like a caret, but technically it isn\rquote 
t one.) Among these programs is MS Word. LetMeType is able to detect the problem and will use the mouse cursor for positioning the suggestion window.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Options}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Settings}}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Settings}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 set:1}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Settings}{
\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par All }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 settings specific to a vocabulary file}{\v\f1\cgrid0 IDH_FileOptions}{\f1\cgrid0  are accessible via the }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Settings}{\f1\cgrid0  menu item.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Allowed Characters}{\f1\cgrid0  lets you define which }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 characters}{\v\f1\cgrid0 AllowedChars}{\f1\cgrid0  may occur in a word.
\par 
\par And then there is }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Passwords}{\f1\cgrid0  for }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 protecting your passwords}{\v\f1\cgrid0 Taboos}{\f1\cgrid0  from LetMeType\rquote s eyes.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 IDH_FileOptions}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 
File-Specific Settings}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 File Settings; Suggestions; Typing Speed; Probability; Given Characters; Added Characters; Automatic Saving}}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 set:2}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Suggestions and Vocabulary}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par The following dialog is invoked using }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Settings}{\f1\cgrid0 . More information about each setting can be obtained by clicking on it.
\par 
\par As these settings only affect the currently loaded vocabulary, they allow you to create custom files for different uses.
\par 
\par \{bml fileopt1_en.shg\}
\par 
\par \{bml fileopt2_en.shg\}
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 AllowedChars}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 
Word Characters}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Word Characters; Word Recognition; Separation Characters}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {
\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 set:3}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Word Characters
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par In case you are using a programming language where identifiers may contain unusual characters, you can tell LetMeType so by using the }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Word Characters}{\f1\cgrid0  menu item. It all
ows you to expand or limit the set of characters that constitute a word.
\par 
\par Additional to the characters selected in the dialog below, words may contain all letters including a variety of special characters used in European languages. The first character of a word has to be a letter.
\par 
\par Since these settings are saved together with the vocabulary, you can use a different character set for each of them.
\par 
\par \{bml wordchar_en.bmp\}
\par 
\par See also: }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 Word Recognition}{\v\f1\cgrid0 WordRecognition}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 ReadText}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 
Importing Text; Reading Text}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Importing Text}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Importing Text
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par Instead of waiting for LetMeType to learn your favorite words, the program can be fed complete texts. All words contained in the text will be memorized. Although this function can be used for dictionary-like word lists, it is
 mainly intended for normal texts, where the words' frequency and order reflect your writing style. 
\par 
\par You can limit LetMeType's vocabulary to the imported words by activating the }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Read-Only}{\f1\cgrid0  option under }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Settings}{\f1\cgrid0 . This prevents imported words from bei
ng automatically deleted and newly typed words from being saved to disk.
\par 
\par The imported file must only contain the text itself, but no information about its layout. If you want to import text from a Word document, you first have to save it using the file type }{\i\f1\cgrid0 Text}{\f1\cgrid0 . (Be careful not to use }{
\i\f1\cgrid0 MS-DOS Text}{\f1\cgrid0 , as that would garble some characters.) Alternatively, you can copy text to the clipboard and import it using }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Edit \endash  Read Clipboard}{\f1\cgrid0 .\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Shortcut}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Shortcut}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Creating a Shortcut}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Creating a Shortcut
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par If you want to create a shortcut which runs LetMeType and loads the current vocabulary, use }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Shortcut}{\f1\cgrid0 
. This lets you select the folder to put the shortcut in, which most often will be the Startup folder of your Windows Start menu.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 WordRecognition}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 
Word Recognition}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Word Recognition; Separation Characters}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{
\f11\cgrid0 set:4}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Word Recognition
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
\par Normally, it is not necessary for you to know how LetMeType\rquote s word recognition works. But in case you are wondering why it sometimes does not make a suggestion, you might find these explanations helpful.
\par 
\par The most important li
mitation of LetMeType is that it cannot read from the screen. Instead, it has to collect your keystrokes and try to assemble the words from them. This is quite easy when you are continually typing a long text, but gets harder when you correct mistakes or 
use the mouse to jump to different points in the text.
\par 
\par In general, LetMeType will discard a character sequence unless it is sure that the sequence is a complete word. Modifications are only recognized if you delete the last characters of the currently typed word.
\par 
\par While monitoring your keystrokes, LetMeType can be in one of two states. Either it assembles a word, or it ignores all input until certain events occur. The latter state is entered when you move the caret using the mouse or the keyboard, because t
hat makes it impossible to know if the next typed character is the start of a word or is inserted into an (unknown) existing one.
\par 
\par Suggestion mode is reactivated by events that normally mark the beginning of a new word. This can be a switch to a different 
window (e.g. the Search dialog of a text editor) or the input of a character that separates words (space, comma, the Enter key, etc.).  These }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 separation characters}{\v\f1\cgrid0 AllowedChars}{\f1\cgrid0 
 are not only important for starting a word, but also for properly ending it. Only after one of these characters has been typed will the word be saved.
\par 
\par Additionally to the word itself, information about its frequency, its predecessors and the windows it normally is typed in are stored. These informations are used to sort the suggestions by their probable usefulness.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Given Characters}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 GivenChars}}}{\f1\cgrid0 LetMeType will only start making suggestions after you have typed this many characters of a w
ord. The higher the value, the more accurate the suggestions will be. On the other hand, lower values allow LetMeType to add larger parts of the words.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Added Characters}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 AddedChars}}}{\f1\cgrid0 LetMeType will only suggest words for which at least this many charac
ters would have to be typed. If you are a fast typer and only want suggestions that save you a sizeable number of keystrokes, you should set this to a high value.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Maximum Suggestion Count}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 MaxSuggested}}}{\f1\cgrid0 If you set this value too high, the suggestion window will be cluttered with too many words. On the other hand, a high number will increase the chance that the right word is among the displayed.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Suggestion Probability}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 Probability}}}{\f1\cgrid0 A word will only be displayed as a 
suggestion if its probability is higher than this value. The probability is computed using the past frequency of all known words that start with the currently given characters. Higher values will limit the number of suggestions made, but might increase th
e ratio of right vs. wrong suggestions.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Typing Speed}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  TypingSpeed}
}}{\f1\cgrid0 If you do not want to be interrupted while typing fast, but LetMeType should only make a suggestion when your typing has slowed down, use this setting. Only if the time between your las
t two keystrokes has been greater than it, LetMeType will make a suggestion.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Accustic Signal}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 AccusticSignal}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Activates an accustic signal each time the suggestion window is displayed. This is especially useful for people who look at the keyboard while typing.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Suggest Only Single Words}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 NoMultis}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Normally, LetMeType\rquote s suggestions can consist of up to two words including the characters separating them (most often, a space). This setting limits the suggestions to single words.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 AppendSpace}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Append Space}}}
{\f1\cgrid0 Activating this causes LetMeType to add a space after each automatically typed word. This is only useful for natural language texts, but even there it probably will create some unwanted spaces.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Capitalization}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 
Capitalization}}}{\f1\cgrid0 While LetMeType works case-sensitively, it ignores the first letter\rquote s case by default when making a suggestion. This can be changed using this option.\page }{\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 NumPad}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Numerical Keypad}}}{\f1 
If you frequently type words containing digits, you probably want to activate this option. Instead of the normal digit keys, the numerical keypad is then used for selecting a suggestion}{\f1\cgrid0 . (The Num LED has to be on for this to work.)\page }{
\cs16\f1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Position}}${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0 Suggestion Window Position
}}}{\f1 By default, the }{\f1\uldb suggestion window}{\v\f1 Suggestions}{\f1  is displayed next to the caret. Instead, you can use the mouse pointer or a (customizable) fixed position.
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Word Age}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  Age
}}}{\f1\cgrid0 If a word has not been typed for at least this many days, it gets removed from the database to make room for new words.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Vocabulary Size}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  Size}}}{
\f1\cgrid0 When the vocabulary\rquote 
s size rises above this limit, the words not used for the longest time get deleted to keep the size below the limit. This includes words that have not yet reached the maximum age (i.e. the size limit has a higher priority than the age limit).
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Automatic Saving}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  AutoSave
}}}{\f1\cgrid0 If you want the vocabulary to be automatically saved every ten minutes, and when it or LetMeType is closed, activate this option.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Read-Only}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  ReadOnly}}}{
\f1 If activated, newly typed words will be memorized by LetMeType, but not stored on disk. The words can be used as long as LetMeType runs, but will be discarded when the program exits or you open a different vocabulary file. Words added using }{\b\f1 
File - Import Text}{\f1  will always be stored permanently.
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 Ignore Password Fields}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {
\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 IgnorePasswords}}}{\f1 If this is switched off, LetMeType will also save words entered in }{\f1\uldb password fields}{\v\f1 Taboos}{\f1 .
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 Store Numbers}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{
\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 AllowNumbers}}}{\f1 If this is switched off, LetMeType will no longer save character sequences starting with a digit. Numbers already present in the vocabulary will not be removed \endash  this can easily be done by hand, though.

\par }{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 Automatically Hide}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}
{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 AutoHide}}}{\f1 The suggestion window is displayed until you press a key, including Ctrl or Shift. If you enter a number here, the window will automatically be hidden after the specified time.
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Menus}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  Menus}
}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Menus;}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Menus}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par \{bmct filemenu_en.shg\}   \{bmct optmenu_en.shg\}   \{bmct infomenu_en.shg\}
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Options - Suggest}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 OptSuggestions}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Suggestions;Activating;Deactivating}}}{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Suggest}{\f1\cgrid0 
 can be used to temporarily disable suggestions. The words you type will still be memorized.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Options - Learn Words}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 OptLearn}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Learn;Activating;Deactivating}}}{\f1 If }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Learn Words}{\f1\cgrid0 
 is deactivated, new words you type will not be added to the vocabu
lary. This can be used to temporarily disable LetMeType while you enter a password, and can also be achieved by clicking on the tray icon in the taskbar. A red cross then indicates that LetMeType ignores new words.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Settings - Background Color}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{
\f11\cgrid0  OptBackground}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Background;Color}}}{\f1\cgrid0 The background color of the suggestion window can be adjusted using }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings 
\endash  Background Color}{\f1\cgrid0 . A light yellow background e.g. increases the window\rquote s visibility.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Settings - Font}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  OptFont}}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Font;Text Color;Color}}}{\b\f1 Settings }{\b\f1\cgrid0 \endash  Font }{\f1 allows you to change t}{\f1\cgrid0 
he font and text color of the suggestion window.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Settings - Count Keys}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 OptCount}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Count Keys}}}{\f1\cgrid0 
If for privacy reasons you do not want LetMeType to count your keystrokes, you can disable it by using the menu item }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Count Keys}{\f1\cgrid0 . This does not affect LetMeType\rquote 
s work in any way, since the count is only used for the statistics displayed in the }{\b\f1\cgrid0 About LetMeType}{\f1\cgrid0  dialog.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Settings - Monitor Clipboard}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 OptClipboard}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Clipboard}}}{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Monitor Clipboard }{\f1\cgrid0 
causes LetMeType to automatically read texts that you copy to the clipboard while using other programs. This way, the vocabulary is built up faster, but possibly with words you would never manually enter.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  File - Merge}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  FileMerge}}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Merge}}}{\f1 Using }{\b\f1\cgrid0 File \endash  Merge}{\f1\cgrid0 
, you can add words from a file to the current vocabulary. This is mainly intended for people who regularly use LetMeType on more than one computer.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Settings, Passwords}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 Taboos}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0  Ignored Words;Passwords;}}+{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super +}{\f11\cgrid0 sec:2}}}{
\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Words to be Ignored}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par There are a few words that LetMeType must not store or display as suggestions. These are the passwords you use for services like America Online or for protecting your documents.
\par 
\par LetMeType does not add new words to its vocabulary if Windows' built-in password field 
is used, where entered characters are displayed as asterisks. Should this not work, e.g. because the application uses a custom data entry method, you can explicitly tell LetMeType which words should be ignored.
\par 
\par LetMeType is able to ignore these words without having to store them. (Technically this is done by excluding whole classes of more or less random character sequences.) After having selected the menu item }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Settings \endash  Exclude Passwords}
{\f1\cgrid0 , you can enter the passwords using this dialog:
\par 
\par \{bmc taboos_en.bmp\}
\par 
\par To make it easier for you to remember which words have already been added to the list, a description can be associated with each. While this description is saved as is by LetMeType, the password itself is }{\i\f1\cgrid0 not}{\f1\cgrid0  stored.
\par 
\par The list is saved in Windows' registry, i.e. it is independent of the used vocabulary. If you have configured Windows to use different settings for different users, each of them has his own list.
\par 
\par Because words cannot contain }{\f1\uldb\cgrid0 separation characters}{\v\f1\cgrid0 AllowedChars}{\f1\cgrid0 , you might have to split a password into two words. E.g. }{\i\f1\cgrid0 Secret!Merlin }{\f1\cgrid0 would have to be entered as the two words }{
\i\f1\cgrid0 Secret}{\f1\cgrid0  and }{\i\f1\cgrid0 Merlin}{\f1\cgrid0 .
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  \'dcber LetMeType}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 InfoInfo}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 About LetMeType}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par This dialog shows the version number and some statistics about the current vocabulary:
\par 
\par \{bmc infobox_en.shg\}
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Manually Typed}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 StatsSelfTyped}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Total count of keystrokes made by you.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Automatically Typed}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 StatsAutoTyped}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Total count and ratio of the keystrokes made by LetMeType after a suggestion was selected.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Vocabulary Size}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 StatsWords}}}{\f1\cgrid0 How many words there are in the vocabulary.
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Average Word Frequency}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 
 StatsOccurences}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Average frequency with which the words in the vocabulary have been used.
\par }\pard \li113\ri192\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Average Age}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright 
\fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0  StatsAge}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Average number of days for which the words have not been used.
\par }\pard \li115\ri192\nowidctlpar\tx864\tx1728\tx2592\tx3456\tx4320\tx5184\tx6048\tx6912\tx7776\tx8640\tx9504\tx10368\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{
\f11\cgrid0 Updates}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11\cgrid0 Updates}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11\cgrid0 Updates; WWW; Web}}}{
\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Updates}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }\pard \li113\ri192\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 The most current version of LetMeType can be found at }{\f1\uldb www.clasohm.com/lmt/en/}{\v\f1 !ExecFile(`http://www.clasohm.com/lmt/en/',,0,)}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{\f11\cgrid0  Resetting the Keystroke Counters}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{
\f11\cgrid0  StatsReset}}}{\f1\cgrid0 Resets the counters for manual and automatic keystrokes.
\par }\pard \li115\ri192\nowidctlpar\tx864\tx1728\tx2592\tx3456\tx4320\tx5184\tx6048\tx6912\tx7776\tx8640\tx9504\tx10368\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 \page }{\cs16\f1\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super $}{
\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 Licence}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super #}{\f11  }{\f11\cgrid0 Licence}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1031\cgrid {\cs16\f11\super K}{\f11  }{
\f11\cgrid0 Licence; GPL; GNU General Public Licence}}}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 Licence}{\f1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
\par }}